End token handling (#6)
zauberzeug/owl: diff_list.md

owl_example_parser.sh:
    - Add an example script to generate the parser from the grammar

src/x-tokenize.h:

>     - Add fast '\0' check to the tokenizer without allocating memory (Zauberzeug issue #99)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add fast '\0' check to the tokenizer without allocating memory (https://github.com/zauberzeug/lizard/issues/99)
```

Author: updated
